Qian Yao
Five years ago, my mother signed a marriage contract with Uncle Shen
Now five years have come
I'm here to fulfill the engagement
This is the gift I prepared.
Holding garbage that I don't know where I picked it up from
I also want to marry my daughter
Dream on.
If you are still the young master of the Ye family
I might also consider
Marry my family to you
It's a pity that your Ye family has long been destroyed
Why would you want to marry my daughter?
aunt
I'm still a bit prudish outside
Don't think I don't know
What forbidden area are you in?
Just to close the door for people
Put it nicely and call security
The worst thing to say is a watchdog
My family Qianyao is the first girl in the middle and lower classes
To look good
To be capable
What are you?
Grab a broken glass ball
You want to marry my daughter?
This is Pepper Needan.
But life and death can only prolong life
If I remember correctly
The only exotic beast inner core in the middle and lower territories
In the hands of Qin Jing, the first female god of war in the lower middle
That's right, this is what Qin Zhan will give you.
He begged me to take it
What a majestic figure is the God of War Qin?
Ascended the top of the god of war as a woman
Three thousand miles down the Tuojiang River for Zhuxia
Is my greatest idol
You said he begged you to take the gift
I don't want to take it
It was he who persisted enough Ye Feifan